# Overview
Vocational English Practice is a web-based application developed with Python, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Flask, and SQL. The main modules used to develop this web are Flask and CS50 Library for Python, while the database engine used is SQLite. The application is free to use and is available at https://github.com/Ika-1805/project.
# Link to YouTube video:  https://youtu.be/bRr5pXMdCF4
# Components of Project
* My project is a web-based application consisting of 22 pages with 22 HTML files.
* The home page (index.html) shows the main webpage which contains navbars and a button to go to the other web pages.
* The about page (about.html) shows the description of the website.
* The contact page (contact.html) shows the contact information of the website creator, a picture gallery of the creator’s activity, and a comment box where the users can give their comments or suggestions regarding the website.
* The practice page (clicktostart.html) shows the page where the users can practice and test their vocational English competence by selecting the three features that have been provided (What am I?, What am I used for?, and True or False?).
* The “What am I?” page consists of 6 different pages based on 6 majors (Light Vehicle and Automotive Engineering, Electrical Power Installation, Electrical Engineering, Machining Technique, Construction and Building Engineering, and Visual Communication Design). This page contains 10 different questions which the users should answer the questions by typing the name of the tool that matches the picture that appears on the screen in the box provided. After they answer, they can click the “Check Answer” button and see if the answer is correct or not. If it is correct, the box turns green (with a “Correct!” caption) but if it is incorrect the box turns red (with an “Incorrect” caption).
* The “What am I used for?” page consists of 6 different pages based on 6 majors (Light Vehicle and Automotive Engineering, Electrical Power Installation, Electrical Engineering, Machining Technique, Construction and Building Engineering, and Visual Communication Design). This page contains 10 different questions where the users should choose the correct answer that corresponds to the question by clicking one of the answer boxes. When they click the box, they can check if the answer is correct or not. If it is correct, the box turns green (with a “Correct!” caption) but if it is incorrect the box turns red (with “Incorrect” caption).
* The “True or False?” page consists of 6 different pages based on 6 majors (Light Vehicle and Automotive Engineering, Electrical Power Installation, Electrical Engineering, Machining Technique, Construction and Building Engineering, and Visual Communication Design). This page contains 10 different questions where the users should state whether each of the statements is true or false by typing “true” if it is true or “false” if it is false in the box provided. If it is correct, the box turns green (with a “Correct!” caption) but if it is incorrect the box turns red (with an “Incorrect” caption).
# Design Choice
I made such a design because it is suitable for the content and goal of my website. Later on, I will develop it with more content and features to make it more interactive for students to learn and practice the vocational English materials.
